## 0.0.3+5
  * added w-button.
  * added a sample of how to create a login component.

## 0.0.3+4
  * got rid of document.onKeyDown for now since it produces bug on Chrome input form autocomplete [website docs](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/36488)

## 0.0.3+3
  * fixed w-dialog not showing properly on mobile devices.
  * some tweaks on w-table to align column for the header on mobile.  

## 0.0.3+2
  * set min height for the header in w-layout so that it wont get cut off on iOS anymore.
  * some tweaks on the demo page for better looks on mobile devices.

## 0.0.3+1
  * more comment docs.
  * revamped w-pagination.
  * got rid of the unnecessary empty excessive row generated by w-calendar when the last day of the month falls on Sunday.

## 0.0.3
  * w-slider now shows tooltip when hovering on the whole line, just like how normal video progress indicator works.
  * more comment docs.

## 0.0.2+21
  * using popper js for wPopup directive now.
  * w-select can be highlighted using up and down keys now, enter key will select the item.

## 0.0.2+20
  * revamped w-decorator click handler.
  * added ClickOutsideDirective.

## 0.0.2+19
  * w-input doesnt show red border on mozilla again when required.

## 0.0.2+18
  * added top-right slot for w-action-table too.
  * added addNewLabel prop in w-action-table. 

## 0.0.2+17
  * added initial xlsx js interop.
  * added top-right slot for w-table allowing the caller to inject anything there accordingly.

## 0.0.2+16
  * revamped debounce.

## 0.0.2+15
  * added readonly prop in w-input.
  * showcased table with filter.

## 0.0.2+14
  * poppable directive now re-positions according to the content's height when showing.

## 0.0.2+13
  * added search functionality in w-select.

## 0.0.2+12
  * simplified w-select, right now we dont use adapter anymore since it adds up the complexity but rather use options input instead.

## 0.0.2+11
  * added more options for Chartist Line Directive.  

## 0.0.2+10
  * update w-calendar to show days.

## 0.0.2+9
  * update leaflet directive so now it can render different tile layers as well as geojson layers.

## 0.0.2+8
  * added tippy tooltip on hover of the w-slider current value dot.

## 0.0.2+7
  * added w-calendar v1 with demo.

## 0.0.2+6
  * allow another domain http(s) links for showdown js directive

## 0.0.2+5
  * w-layout is now customizable

## 0.0.2+4
  * set fixed header height to 60 px since it looks broken on ios.

## 0.0.2+3
  * set longer description as suggested in pub.dev
  * renamed folder /demo to /example

## 0.0.2+2  
  * added v1 frappe directive.

## 0.0.2+1
  * fixed showdown bug not working on production mode.
  * added v1 tippy js directive.

## 0.0.2
  * added Getting Started doc in readme
  * added [showdownjs](https://github.com/showdownjs/showdown) directive.

## 0.0.1+10
  * revamped clipboard directive.
  * added more w-list samples.

## 0.0.1+9
  * added initial version of the [website docs](https://ngadmin.wowsome.co)
  * added copy to clipboard directive.

## 0.0.1+8
  * added WTabsDirective.
  * added highlightjs interop and directive.

## 0.0.1+7
  * added w-slider component v1.

## 0.0.1+6
  * revamped w-select, so now it has [adapter] input that can be used to fetchOptions asynchronously.  

## 0.0.1+4
  * separated w-table into w-table and w-action-table, where w-table is useful only for showing the table data, while w-action-table has form adapter that can be used to show the form dialog to add new / edit item.

## 0.0.1+3
  * added collapsible directive.
  * added w_list which is useful for generating collapsible nested list, accordion, etc.

## 0.0.1+2
  * w_table can handle edit, add, as well as delete item, still WIP though.

## 0.0.1

Initial Version of the library. Use it at your own risk!
It's meant to be used internally for now (No Unit Tests, Documentations, etc. just yet)
